(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Guided by the power
of the eight crests,
a new chapter of the
Digi-Destined's great adventure
had begun.
Who knows what trials
and tribulations
they'll need to face
in their fight against
the Great Catastrophe.
(Digivice beeping)
[Agumon] Hey, Tai?
Are we there yet?
[Tai] We're almost there.
[Agumon] I'm tired.
[Tai] I know, hang
in there, buddy.
[Agumon] I'm hungry too.
(Agumon's stomach growling)
We're almost there, honest.
(gentle music)
(Digimon exclaiming)
[Fanbeemon] Got it, thanks.
Boop. Boop.
Boop.
Hey, careful with that.
Watch what you're
doing, will you?
Don't treat them so rough.
Yeah, those crops
are very precious.
[Fanbeemon] Sorry.
We wanna wrap this
up before lunch,
so work hard, but safety first.
[Digimon] Safety first!
(Pomumon laughing)
Okay, just a few
more and we're done.
Yeah.
[Tai] Working hard
or hardly working?
Hey, Biyomon!
What's up, Tai?
Hi, Agumon.
[Junkmon] Please, help
yourselves, dig in.
Don't mind if I do, thanks.
Unbelievable, you grew
all of this yourselves
in those fields out there?
We did, we look at them
as being gifts to us
from the land.
Sorry, let me introduce you.
This here is Neemon.
He originally came from
the Cloud Continent.
And these are my
friends, Tai and Agumon.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah, likewise, Neemon.
Gotta say, I'm surprised to see
so many familiar faces here.
Oh, I transferred
here temporarily
at Neemon's request.
You know I love to work.
We've been practicing a lot
since the last time we met,
we're able to fly
much better now.
So we thought it was about time
we got out and saw
more of the world.
Yeah, same with us.
We have Sora to
thank for everything.
(Digimon agreeing)
Oh, by the way, what was it
that made you guys choose
this place to grow crops in?
Well according to
legend, long, long ago,
thee lands were watched
over and protected
by a very kind and
benevolent Digimon.
Oh well, that
sounds just lovely.
We came here hoping that
some of that ancient power
might still reside in this land.
This world, which has
long been such a troubling
and dangerous place
is finally at peace.
So now we're joining hands
with all the Digimon we've met
and bringing everyone together
in order to revive
these wastelands.
Eventually, we hope to
make this a welcoming town
for all to come and settle in.
Like a Digimon village, huh?
That's right, and we're
helping them do it.
We were just following
where the arrow led us
and we ended up here
and it became quite the reunion.
So we thought, why not stop
and help them out for a while?
We Digi-Destined aren't
just here to fight, right?
Yeah, you're right.
In fact, we can help out too.
What do you say, Agumon?
That's right.
We could certainly
use your help.
Yeah, as a matter of fact,
I got the perfect job for yous.
[Pomumon] Heave, heave!
There's this enormous
old useless tree stump
taking up space right in
the middle of the land.
If we could just pull
it up and get rid of it,
we'd have plenty of room
to expand our village.
[Greymon And Tai]
Heave and heave!
[Digimon] Heave, heave!
Heave, heave!
(Digimon groaning)
[Junkmon] That's it, pull, pull!
It moved.
Come on, just a little
bit more, Birdramon.
[Birdramon] Okay!
Keep it up, heave ho!
[Digimon] Heave, heave!
(Digimon groaning)
That a way, keep going.
You got it.
(stump thuds)
-Oh yeah.
-All right!
Now we can make a bigger
field and plant more crops.
Before you can do that though
we're gonna have to do
something about this big hole.
[Greymon] Yeah.
Did you see that?
What's happening?
[Junkmon] Evacuate!
Evacuate the area, safety first!
(Digimon exclaiming)
What could that have been?
-(dramatic music)
-(ground rumbling)
[Birdramon] We're
about to find out.
(Digimon gasping)
That thing is massive.
Could this be the kind of
benevolent guardian Digimon
who once watched over this land?
(Digimon gasping)
(lasers whirring)
What's it doing?
That sure don't seem
like a kind and
benevolent Digimon to me.
(lasers whirring)
(dramatic music)
No, why would it attack
our precious village?
Everyone, evacuate the
area, safety first!
It's almost like the Digimon
is fighting something.
At this rate, the village
will be destroyed.
We have to stop it.
Yeah.
[Greymon] Greymon digivolve to-
[MetalGreymon] MetalGreymon!
[Birdramon] Birdramon
digivolve to-
[Garudamon] Garudamon!
Do not destroy the
village any further.
[Tai] Seems like
we're being ignored,
or maybe it's just
that they can't hear us
with all this commotion.
Hey, stop!
I said stop!
Is someone crying?
[Tai] What was that?
[Sora] Did you
hear that just now?
Trident Arm!
[Garudamon] Wing Blade!
No use, huh?
Well, we're just
getting started.
What made it stop?
[Sora] Ruins?
[Pomumon] Yeah,
some ancient ruins
down there at the
bottom of the hole.
We found them.
What sort of Digimon is that?
Why did it move and then stop?
And what will make it
start to move again?
Whatever is down there,
I hope it can provide
us with some clues.
Look at this.
"With our solemn prayer,
"we seal within this
land a great power.
"A power that can penetrate evil
"and reduce it to ashes.
"This guardian, the one who
protects this land from darkness
"is called Shakkuomon."
Does that mean
that thing is-
The kind and benevolent
Digimon from the old legend?
Oh please, don't be ridiculous.
There is absolutely
nothing kind of benevolent
about that horrible
thing up there.
If that's a kind and
benevolent Digimon,
I'd had to see what an unkind
and malevolent one looks like.
[Biyomon] What is it, Sora?
Isn't that...
Hey, Biyomon, when we
touched Shakkoumon earlier,
you heard something
too, didn't you?
Yeah, I heard the sound
of someone crying.
(Sora shuddering)
Sora, what's wrong?
(gentle music)
[Sora] Our dear guardian
deity, Shakkoumon,
please rest in peace.
Sora, Biyomon, are you okay?
[Neemon] Quickly, get
them up to the surface
so we can treat them.
Get ready.
[MetalGreymon] Oh boy.
(dramatic music)
(lasers whirring)
(Digimon exclaiming)
So much for benevolence.
(dramatic music)
[MetalGreymon]
MetalGreymon digivolve to-
[WarGreymon] WarGreymon!
You will not destroy
anymore of that village!
(discs whirring)
Stop!
[Neemon] Calm your
soul, go back to sleep!
Return to your slumber,
guardian Digimon.
Calm your soul, be at peace,
and leave us in peace.
[Kyupimon] Shakkoumon,
you have worked so hard
to protect us.
And to protect this land.
But now, you can not
protect us any longer.
We will soon parish, and you,
you will no longer be hurt,
not anymore.
To protect you, our
gift from Heaven,
we will seal you
here in this land
that you have protected.
Until the day you awaken,
we pray that this
world will find peace.
Thank you for everything.
Goodbye.
What was that?
(lasers whirring)
Calm your soul and
return to your slumber,
oh kindest and most
benevolent guardian
who brings destruction
and chaos to our land.
Well, Biyomon?
Ready, Sora, let's do it.
[WarGreymon] Terra Force!
(Garudamon exclaims)
Garudamon!
Why, Shakkoumon?
[Garudamon] We will stop
Shakkoumon, we have to.
Right now having
just been reawakened,
Shakkoumon thinks the
battle going on long ago
to protect this land
is still going on.
[WarGreymon] What?
[Garudamon] Shakkoumon,
that battle is long over.
This isn't what
the Kyupimon wanted
when they sacrificed
themselves to protect you!
I promise you that we'll
make you the guardian deity
of this land once
again if you'll let us.
(Digivice beeping)
[Garudamon] Garudamon
digivolve to-
[Phoenixmon] Phoenixmon!
Starlight Explosion!
(gentle music)
(Digimon exclaiming)
What is all this?
Shakkoumon.
our gift from heaven.
(Shakkoumon weeping)
Is it over?
Sora's right, the
Digi-Destined are here
to do more than just fight.
[Pomumon] Do you
really have to leave?
[Sora] Yeah.
[Fanbeemon] Please
don't go, Sora, please.
We want you to stay here
with us forever and ever.
I'll miss you too.
At first I wasn't sure
why this led us here,
but I think maybe
our real purpose
was to be reunited
with all of you.
In fact, I'm sure of it.
[Pomumon] Really?
I love you all and
want to protect you
and that's why we'll stop
the Great Catastrophe.
Won't we?
Well, when you put it that way.
We'll stay here and
work really hard
for you and the others.
Just do your best, everyone.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia.
Shakkoumon, this
Digimon first appeared
in the ancient Digital World.
Normally gentle, Shakkoumon
shoots outs laser beams
when angered.
Now let's check this out.
That silhouette, I
feel like I've seen it
in my textbook.
Actually, when you
think about it,
it seems like there
are a lot of Digimon
who are normally gentle,
but lethal when angered.
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Will Tai
be able to survive
a challenging and harsh test
without Agumon at his side?
[Tai] Next time on
"Digimon Adventure,"
"The Crest of Courage."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.